Hello,

I’m Juan Uys, I live in Cheltenham with my wife and 2 daughters, and this is a cover letter to talk a bit about me and why I might be a good fit for CPR, and CPR for me.

Firstly, our planet is in trouble. Recently, for the first time, the world exceeded the 1.5C warming limit over a 12-month period. Saving the planet is the single most important thing anyone can be doing right now, so why do anything else? My little one and I were watching Planet Earth 3, and were in floods of tears because of the end segments where Sir David shows how things got worse.

Secondly, I have some non-technical yet related experience (I think, I hope!). I worked for Bulb before, so I have a bit of energy experience. I’ve also worked with SaveThePlanet before, and have some exposure to climate policy and helping decision makers find the best and most relevant information.

Thirdly, I put my money where my mouth is: 
drive an EV, and we all own a bicycle. When I worked in town, I cycled
just renovated our home and made it more insulated, and converted from gas cooker to induction hob. We wanted a heat pump too, but we suffered various financial setbacks (asbestos, and massive delays on materials) so we’re still stuck with a gas boiler (for now)
planning to get solar panels, but not sure if we have to wait for a loft conversion or not (not sure if we’d be willing to do another phase of building work after what we’ve just been through 😂)
and we’re trying our best to instil some planet-saving values into the little ones 💚

Fourthly, and perhaps what really matters for the job:
I have over 20 years experience, and hope to be considered a safe pair of hands
I’ve been a contractor since 2014 and mostly worked remotely, so have proven to be self-directed
I’ve also been at the hiring end of a few startups (as co-founder) so very well know what’s required from a service provider from the point of view of the business owner
since 2013 I’ve run a side-project called PDFCrunch, which turns documents into data, so machine/deep learning has been a big focus of mine as of late. I had a very successful year last year with an insuretech client using NLP (language models) to do the same

I very much look forward to hearing back,

Juan
07702 783 956
juan@uys.io
