 Der Sir/Madam,

 EVen though I don't have the necessary skills or experience, I'm extremely passionate about the environment, especially the treatment of wastewater to make it safe to drink for villages in Africa.
 
 Apart from my field of studying which is CHEMICAL ENGINEERING in which i have big dreams, my aspiration is to make Africa in general and DR Congo in particular to be one of the best place in having pure water well treated from:

- Waste water treatment by recycling water from different sources to be again useful to the populations mostly for those from rural places because in Africa most rural places are really forgotten the water they use on daily basis is really poor in quality exposing them to different kind of sicknesses.

In general we should be cleaning  water from the river via designed chemical plants well implemented so to enable people have access to a pure water to drink. And also used water from toilets to be worked on and sent back to the population.    


I studied Biology and Chemistry at Tumaini Institute ( High School) and proceeded studying again to achieve his diploma in Chemical Engineering at Vaal university of Technology.

In February 2017, he joined the Social group of Chemical engineers SOCHES at VUT (Vaal university of Technology).

With skills and inspiration received from my lecturer Noxolo Mafu at the same university, I developed m first E-Poe( portfolio) in 2017 in the month of June.

I my free time, I like writing, listing to music, drawing, and laughing with my friends by watching funny videos and sometimes if possible I used to intend so much different kind of conferences so to hear different opinions of peoples on a specific topic.

Since a certain period of time I enjoy the company of old peoples because I like asking them  questions on life and others domain. And I found that their answers were accurate so I decided to be linked to them than to the peoples of my generation.

I look forward to hearing back from you.

Cikaya