Michal Nachmany, PhD
Founder and CEO

Michal is an international climate policy and governance expert with a background in law, finance, and multinational project management. Before founding Climate Policy Radar, she spent a decade at the Grantham Research Institute, LSE, where she led the work on the Institute’s structured datasets and tools, building evidence-based decision-making tools for national legislation and policy and low-carbon investment.

She is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and the UNFCCC Resilience Frontiers and a founding member of the Climate Tech Council Founders forum. Michal is also a member of the Coalition for Digital Environmental Sustainability and of the Camda Community for credible climate action. She was previously the team lead at the Transition Pathway Initiative, and an advisor to Climate Action 100+, an investor coalition with over $55 trillion AUM. Michal is a speaker on climate policy and action with diverse audiences, with regular appearances on national and international media.

Michal holds a PhD from the London School of Economics. Her research explored the global diffusion of climate change policies, and the contribution of global networks to advancement of policies. She also has an MA (cum laude) in Energy Policy and Management from the University of Haifa, and an LLB in Law as well as an MBA, specialising in finance, from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

Henry Franks, PhD
CTO

Henry is a technology and product leader with over a decade of experience building startups deploying innovative data- and machine learning-dense products

Leveraging expertise in computer science, software engineering, data science and machine learning, Henry holds an MEng and PhD in Computer Science from the University of Warwick (involving research into the nature of cooperation in society and application of those insights to algorithmic societies).

Henry has worked on products involving search, topic modelling, time series analytics, risk modelling, and IoT data at high scale, and is a guest lecturer on AI ethics and regulation at the Dickson Poon School of Law KCL and Notre Dame University.